---
status: backlog
---
### Overview  
---  
Crafted by $167, scrolls enable anyone, regardless of skill level, to use magic. They are recognized by the insignia stamped on them, signifying their authenticity, along with the spell names and descriptions of what they do and require. Counterfeit or blank scrolls do exist, which is why a reputable seller is crucial; a scroll backfiring in the middle of battle can spell disaster. Scrolls allow the creator to temporarily possess the caster, enabling them to perform the spell themselves, provided they have the proper equipment for it. Single-use items, they must be used wisely and at an opportune time, as it renders the user vulnerable to attack. Multiple scrolls can be used simultaneously to increase efficiency, but there is a diminishing return by doing so. Also, their effectiveness can't surpass the level the creator imprinted onto them. The more essence invested in creating a scroll, the more effective it is. This does not correlate to power, as that still rests on the creator's proficiency in their magical technique. Some users, instead of using a scroll, opt to learn the magical technique embedded into it by sensing the will imprinted on it. Scrolls can be bundled together to create a spell book. While tearing out pages for use as weapons is possible, they are more commonly employed for learning purposes. Kingdoms often amass high level scrolls in times of war to bolster their forces, as it provides an easy way to increase their firepower.