### Overview  
---  
Demigods are born when a spiritual essence unbinds itself from the world. As it unbinds, it seeks a new purpose and eventually finds itself drawn back to the Eye of the Universe, where all lost spiritual essences yearn to return. Not all spiritual essences possess the will to endure this journey; those that halt midway become demigods. After a considerable span of time floating around, they discover the presence of cosmic essence all around them. Harnessing this power, they unlock the power of law. With this newfound power comes the quest for more and a deeper understanding.  
  
As they drift in the boundless void, their search for meaning often leads them to fall back into their old ways of thinking from their time bound to their homeworld. Most of the time, they find their way back to their world of origin. They then begin to possess an insatiable desire to consume the living world as it's the most abundant form of cosmic essence. However, they quickly realize they aren't powerful enough. Instead, they form covenants with individuals within that world, granting them glimpses into the power of law in exchange for fulfilling their will to undermine the world.  
  
Another way demigods can come into existence is through the death of a world. As their world perishes, the spiritual essences within it engage in a fierce struggle until one emerges victorious, wielding all the residual essence of the world. These beings are born as truly powerful entities, equipped with the remnants of their world's essence, which they can invoke to harness the power of law. Their purpose differs from those who unbind themselves from their world, for they have transcended their worldly desires in the past. However, since they are born from the world's demise and never experienced the unbinding process, they are consumed by worldly desires. This poses a danger to the universe, for they are the unpredictable wildcard in the cosmic scheme of things. A truly individualistic entity, unbound by any constraints or limitations. With power comes corruption, but not always.