### Overview  
---  
When an individual applies their unique blend of law in an open space, this area is termed a domain—an environment meticulously crafted by the user to aid them in battle. It represents the most effective form of applying law, since it affects everyone there isn't a need for a trade-off. This process though does demands a substantial amount of cosmic essences, which an opposing opponent can exploit. If one can identify the type of law being applied and counteract it with an equal and opposite force on themselves, they can nullify the effect and come out with a net advantage in the tug of battle. However, this won't counteract the law being applied to other entities within the affected space.  
  
To counteract the act of nullifying a domain, domains are often comprised of multiple different laws woven together, making it challenging to decipher. This complexity can be exploited because if one creates an indecipherable domain that negatively affects everyone, the user can continuously apply laws to themselves, nullifying any adverse effects directed at them, as only they know the key. If one so chooses, they can become a specialist, applying a simple law that they have mastered in the hopes that their understanding of that law surpasses that of the opponent. Of course, one can always escape a domain, but such conditions are put in place ahead of time to inflict heavy punishment if one chooses to leave.  
  
Expanding one domain won't prevent others from doing the same; the effects will simply accumulate, potentially resulting in a convoluted and confusing scenario, especially if multiple individuals expand their domains simultaneously.